(woman crying)
(light-hearted music)
Ma'am.
People are waiting.
(woman crying)
He told me he loved me.
Classic six month cheater.
You're gonna have to pay for over sized, got it?
(whimpers)
You ready to check your bag now?
Next.
Her name was Suzanne.
She took my car, she took my money.
And she hightailed it to Fresno.
With Lewis freaking Finklestein,
that no good schmuck.
Triple kegger at Kappa Delta.
Checking my paranoia.
Mr. Cranstin,
this is the third time this month.
They're watching me.
The good news is that I get to keep the Benz
and the yacht.
The bad news is that her name is Candie,
and she's classically trained in pole dancing.
Next.
(bell rings)
First time?
Excuse me?
Have you checked your baggage before?
I don't think that's any of your business.
Oh come on, we're all friends here.
Next.
I mean, it's just like
she got so mainstream.
Next.
So.
Who is it?
High school sweetheart?
The guy who sits next to the copier at work?
Haven't you ever heard of privacy?
Oh please, you're gonna check it,
might as well complain about it
while you still got time.
I'd rather not.
Aerobics instructor?
Next door neighbor?
Oh I got it.
Older, handsome college professor?
How do you know it's a guy?
Well, this just got very interesting.
I meant how do you know it's a person?
I can just tell.
Oh really?
I've checked a lot of baggage in my time.
Oh, can't imagine why,
you seem like a real catch.
Next.
I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
Super Nova wouldn't kill his alter ego,
The Black Hole, in the alternate timeline
because it goes against the continuity
of the entire series.
Right?
Next.
So what about you?
What are you checking?
Uh, me?
Don't act so shocked.
Great.
So you're just here to annoy people.
Perfect.
Actually, I'm here to reclaim.
Reclaim?
My baggage.
Funny.
No, it's not.
You want it back?
Yeah.
All of it?
The little things,
the inconsiderate things,
the things they did just to drive you nuts,
like leaving socks on the floor,
or eating ice cream out of the container.
Or the big things.
The unforgivable things.
Like forgetting to come to your premiere show
at the Landmark, even though you've been
rehearsing for it for the past month.
Or lying awake at three o'clock in the morning
knowing that they're terrible for you,
but can't help who you like.
What's his name?
What did he look like?
He was tall.
Dark blonde hair.
Perfect smile, could get out of just about anything.
He did, actually.
What's it like?
Checking it?
It's like stubbing your toe
and not feeling it sting.
It's like eating ice cream,
but it doesn't taste sweet.
Just cold and flavorless.
You remember, but
you don't.
(man clears throat)
Hey Romeo and Juliet,
you mind moving it?
Some of us got places to be.
(bell rings)
Next.
Back again?
I'm here to check my temper, jerk off.
Shocker.
Friend of yours?
I've seen him before.
That's the thing about checking your baggage.
It's alright to do it only once.
I mean, I can admit it is nice
not having to lug around all that weight.
Chase.
His name was Chase.
I know,
I thought it would be romantic
like dating the homecoming king or something.
It started out so good.
It always does.
And why do I feel so bad?
You think you're alone?
Just look around,
it all started out so good for the people, too.
Then what's so wrong with wanting to check it?
What's the point of living in the first place?
(bell rings)
Next.
Hi.
Place your baggage on the scale.
I'm here to reclaim.
Excuse me?
I'm here to reclaim my baggage.
Sir please, I'm very busy,
so if you could just please tell me what--
I want my baggage back.
Look, I don't want any trouble,
just my baggage.
If you'd like to file a formal complaint--
Look, I need it back.
Sir, you're holding up the line.
Did you ever meet someone
and just know they're perfect?
Well, it happened to me.
She was perfect.
And then she broke up with me.
Yeah, she broke your heart,
yada yada yada.
This isn't my first rodeo, cowboy.
Just--
That's just it, that's why it didn't work,
it's because I checked my baggage.
Excuse me?
It was blank.
I checked it all.
The high school sweethearts,
the college flings.
Mindy Dabrowski,
who dumped me after two hours in the fourth grade.
That's the thing about taking the weight
out of everything.
Make's it all seem so worthless.
The nice things she did for me.
All of it was lost on me.
Lost because I was weightless,
nothing to give her in return.
Company policy.
There's nothing you can do?
Sir, let me tell you,
if there is one thing this company
takes pride in,
it's losing baggage.
(bell rings)
Next.
Hey, just let me back there.
I can look for it.
Sir, customers are not allowed in private areas.
I told you Romeo, I got places to be.
I'm trying to check my anger.
Sorry for wasting everyone's time.
(bell rings)
Next.
(cheerful music)
Hi.
What happened?
I thought I'd carry it with me.
Why?
Word has it, you lost your baggage.
As it turns out, I've got enough to share.
Shall we?
So,
Chase, huh?
Yeah, he even used to play football.
Quarterback?
Tight end.
(laughs)
Even worse.
Tell me about it.
(cheerful music)